Excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime.
 your number still 911? we're going for a ride on the information super highway. good morning,
 oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. i just heard about
 evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. brain freeze.
 here she comes to wreck the day. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your
 nose and pull your underwear over your head. brain freeze. your entrance was good, his was
 better. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? we're going for a
 ride on the information super highway.
Excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads
 are falling off! haaaaaaarry. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose
 and pull your underwear over your head. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon,
 good evening and goodnight. brain freeze. it's because i'm green isn't it! alrighty then kinda
 hot in these rhinos. excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. your entrance was good, his
 was better. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. it's
 because i'm green isn't it!
Look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your
 head. look ma i'm road kill good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening
 and goodnight. alrighty then kinda hot in these rhinos. we're going for a ride on the information
 super highway. it's because i'm green isn't it! we got no food we got no money and our pets heads
 are falling off! haaaaaaarry. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan
 backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. look ma i'm road kill here she comes to wreck the day. alrighty
 then
Your entrance was good, his was better. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still
 911? i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter.
 look ma i'm road kill kinda hot in these rhinos. here she comes to wreck the day.